docs: add FAQ page (#266)
databricks/appkit: docs/docs/faq.md

| [Lakebase](./plugins/lakebase) | Lakebase Autoscaling (PostgreSQL) | Relational database access via standard pg.Pool with automatic OAuth token refresh |
| [Genie](./plugins/genie) | AI/BI Genie Spaces | Natural language data queries with conversation management and streaming |
| [Files](./plugins/files) | Unity Catalog Volumes | Multi-volume file operations (list, read, upload, download, delete, preview) |
| [Serving](./plugins/serving) | Model Serving | Authenticated proxy to Model Serving endpoints with invoke and streaming support |
| [Server](./plugins/server) | N/A | Express HTTP server with static file serving, Vite dev mode, and plugin route injection |

Stay tuned for new plugins as we constantly expand integrations!

### Can I add custom integrations?

Yes. AppKit's plugin architecture is extensible - you can create custom plugins using the CLI (`npx appkit plugin create`) or manually. See the [creating custom plugins guide](./plugins/custom-plugins).

## Databases

*Also: Lakebase, PostgreSQL, OLTP*

### How does AppKit handle databases?

> AppKit is a Node.js + React SDK and does not manage databases directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AppKit is a TypeScript (Express server + React SPA) framework and does not manage databases directly.
```
